Add new blog post to review (2020-06-24 Update) (#2)
08A/08A.github.io: _posts/2020-06-24-update.markdown

---
layout: post
title:  "Update"
category: Blog
tags: [Info]
date:   2020-06-24 15:00:00 +0100
---

This blog post will be a short one.

> I started some small contributions to radare2, so i will write some posts about
> currents issues that i am trying to solve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I started contributing to `radare2`, so I will write some posts about
current issues that I am trying to solve.
```

> I just discover tmux, and i will prioritize his usage over i3.
> Because if you are on a random machine, the chance that tmux is installed is
> greater that i3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I just discovered `tmux`, and I will prioritize using it over `i3`.
Because if you are on a random machine, the chance of it being installed is
greater that `i3`.
```
